Lyrics:
Digery Do you remember November’s blunder
down under Dun D plunders cause chunder
while lightning n thunder is [sic] very very frightening
Galileo Galilea learned from his balcony
Heretical heleocentric epiphanies
not just theoretical, listen to me
From the narcs to the sharks
I want freedom from oligarchs
Olive branches 
they hand us
while they ban us
from standing in crowds, planning out loud,
canning the proud, they ranch us like cows
for the slaughter
like the daughter whose dress her father bought her
to supress how he fought her unless 
she gave him respect
He suspects she’d be better as another man’s mess
It’s my guess, it must be thus for the rest of us
They take all our freedom give some back, 
we say thank you
They take all our freedom give some back, 
we say thank you
They take all our freedom give some back, 
we say
 
Scratching and scrawling
that shit's enthralling
but batshit appalling like habit cat calling
what's the purpose? To hurt us? To hearse us? To coffin curse us?
Your coffers and purses, pursed lips and churches
take tithes to skirt bits of taxes
which congress then relaxes.
I've got a long list of anglo saxes hijacking funds and guns
the labor of you and your neighbor
not for fun but because we let them, son.
They're no different than us yet they're indifferent towards us.
Poor us. Can't afford room and board thus we're joined at the hip
to the pyramid tip.
The all seeing eye spies on our lives, binds us guys in trusted lies.
Busted minds supervise thus any evil flies and inequality will rise.
Do you realize what's funny?
"In God we Trust" is printed all over our money!
Religion is tinted by suspicions invented
over the course of a long pattern of abuse:
a strong shattering of truth.
Of course I want to be ruthless,
but in the end I feel toothless.
The overarching theme there seems to be to me from those pulling the levers is
Oligarchy Kinds and Queens are keen on being unopposed rulers forever.
 
It seems like 'Merika 's in a rush ta resign ta
being comparable to Russia or China
Give us serfdom call it freedom. 
When on their turf, how could we beat 'em?
We don't need 'em. That's how we defeat 'em.
We deplete 'em. Deprive them of our lives.
Plant the seed for the need for us to rise.
They deceived us, but we are growing wise. See
We need to talk about
defect distribution.
Take a walk about,
the fact 's our institution
likes to chalk our doubt
up to plain confusion.
Like we're losing 'cause we're choosing
wage theft, laziness, wage slave craziness, days bereft
one slip 'n you're out on the street
as if billionaires care if you eat.
It's not fair to say they share and we suckle the teat.
They got there while we hustle and they cheat.
If wealth chasms got you rustled, then speak.
'Cause right now all I hear are muffled little ekes!
 
I got shit to say
If you gunna listen there’s a price to pay
It’s capital listen
I left the capital christened
Hissin' just as pistons as they quicken
Capital H Him gives in to givin’ visions across distance
In an instant a vision of capitalism with its fist in
your kitchen. Needing your dough 
while you’re kneeding your dough.
Though if you work from home for free
you might not be
a slave and see
the same: you a slave remain
even if paid.
This fact evaded
By the prophet Reagan.
So we turn to Seagan saying
space age prayin’ is insane and
Oligarchs send your kids to war.
Fall apart in the endless war.
Why not stop? 
What's war for?
Profits drop unless the rockets roar.
There 's more.
Our wars aren't in totality.
They're used to form mentality.
We chose to still allow it see?
Fear controls reality.
In those fatal hours
after those twin towers
and we chose to cower
they stood and we allow their 
every wish to be met and yet, who put Al-Qaeda in power?
Leave your tin foil hat and though the truth is sour,
let it cleanse your fears here 's the shower.
A shower? A fire hose.
The truth of power a pricy white powder - lend your nose.
The truth of power a pricy white powder - here it goes.
